So for that we have an auction it's a resource share in a physical host.
We share the resource available for the different vitrine machine how it was that we can create some
resource pool that will let us to share the physical resource available in a house.
So in this picture I tell you this is physical.
I said what we have or even the different server that we have.
By the way we couldn't use the resource poor if we don't have a cluster.
The resource pool is available only in the cluster.
So when we talk about the cluster that mean this cluster have three four five physical servers.
So the resources that we talk about it is the Popal resource available in that cluster the total of
the physical resource.
So for example we have our cluster the top 100 gigabyte of frame.
So the roots are a resource pool that we have in this situation is one hundred gigabyte of.
So when we created our original storm like this one we have resource pool.
We pick up parts of that available resource in a cluster or in that resource that were going to create
for example to create a resource with top physical.
So thats when we talk about the total of those two physical cost.
So for example in this situation we have 100 gigabyte offerings.
When we create our resource for number one and give it up part of that resource pool thats me we give
it up also in terms of the resource pool for example in this situation we have about 14 percent.
But this one will get 40 gigabytes or frame and also a 40 percent off C.P. that we have in this resource
pool then we create our secondary source one like this one and he was about 20 percent of the resource
pool thats mean about 20 gigabyte Overeem then 20 percent of the CPI.
And then the available resource we can create virtual machine tools do the rest of the resource thats
me and the other 40 gigabytes and 40 percent of the speed.
So we have a router resource pool that this one we can't manage it or can't change it because this is
the available physical resource.
Of course if we want upgraded you need to buy a hardware by upgrading to spew and dream but we can't
do it.
Asadullah of the software but hit into software we can't control the resource pool.
But of course in a limitation of the available physical resource we can't give this one more than one
hundred gigabytes because we have only one hundred gigabytes of RAM so when we create a resource for
number one or source or not but of course we give it any name that we want.
Then of course we can create a resource pool number three to put this virtual machine or we can simply
leave the other machines the rest of the resource pool then inside the resource pool for example this.
Number two we can create two virtual machine this virtual machine will use DO available a little sport
into number two and have a limitation of that resource for example this one have 20 bytes of rain.
So this virtual machine the two of which your machine can consume only 20 gigabytes of frame for example
the situation we give this one about 16 gigabytes of Vermont and this one about 16 byte over them when
they start consuming the fall of the.
Available right here.
He can't consume more than 20 gigabytes of RAM.
If you remember in the previous slide I tell you that sometimes we create our virtual machine with 4G
bytes but it's consume only two gigabytes.
When this virtual machine start consume four gigabytes.
But it's cost you do rent of another virtual machine the other which your machine can't find any free
reign to use it.
But in this situation with this virtual machine to work together if this one start consume more it's
consume it only for this virtual machine and this one can't touch any room of any other virtual machine
outside of disport.
It is limited by the 20 gigabytes of energy in this resource pool right here.
Them when we create a resource for number one we give up a virtual machine four and five.
And also we can create another resource pool inside our resource pool.
That's not a child of arrestors board.
So we create the resource pool number three.
For example give is 15 percent of this race was born.
That's I mean this one that gets 40 gigabytes of run these races or we get 20 gigabytes of room and
this virtual machine will use the rest of this one.
That's mean 20 gigabytes for.
So the benefit of this work is that we limit do resource all consumed by virtual machine.
That's I mean this virtual machine limited by 20 gigabyte of RAM no matter how much Jacobites offer
and give it to this virtual machine.
It will be limited by 20 gigabyte of ram of the resource pool.
Number two and so on and so on.
So this is the idea of the resource share.
So then will go into Discovery resource share how it's.